## 1.1.3
- Updated README.md file: fix links.

## 1.1.2
- Added CLI additional options:  
   Usage: `dart run approval_tests:review [arguments]` 
   - Arguments:  
      - `--help`                      Print this usage information.
      - `--list`                      Print a list of project .received.txt files.
      - `<index>`                     Review an .received.txt file indexed by --list.
      - `<path/to/.received.txt>`   Review an .received.txt file.

## 1.1.1
- Updated README.md file.


## 1.1.0

- **Breaking release**:
   - Added new reporter: `GitReporter`. It allows you to use `git` to view the differences between the received and approved files.
   - Added support to approve files using CLI. Now you can approve files using the command line: `dart run approval_tests:review`
   - Added support to use ApprovalTests during widget tests.  
   - Added header to generated files. For resolved issues you can add this to approved files:  
   '# This file was generated by approval_tests. Please do not edit.\n'
   - Some minor changes and code improvements.
Thanks to [Richard Coutts](https://github.com/buttonsrtoys)

## 1.0.0

- Initial major release.

## 0.5.1

- Updated documentation.
- Updated dependencies.
- Updated `README.md` file.
- Updated `TODO.md` file.
- Rewrited comparators. Now it is only FileComparator.
- Rewrited Scrubbers: regex scrubber, date scrubber.
- Now, first run automatically create approved snapshot. You can approve another snapshot by setting `approveResult` to `true` and using Diff Tool.
- Completely rewritten `CommandLineReporter`.
There were changes with the comparison method, as well as highlighting by color the places where there are differences. Green - approved. White text on red background - Differences in received file.
- Internal updates such as:
   - Adding android studio installation via github actions to test Diff Reporter on different devices.
   - Full code test coverage after significant changes.
   - Changes to getting file name and path depending on platform.

## 0.4.6

- Updated dependencies. Removed `dcli` package.
- Issue https://github.com/approvals/ApprovalTests.Dart/issues/3 was fixed.
- Minor changes: `IDEComparator` now gets the current `StackTrace` if an error occurs.

## 0.4.5

- Updated dependencies and actions versions.
- Updated Logger's output: now it is more informative.
- Updated `CONTRIBUTING.md` file: added Arlo's Commit Notation.

## 0.4.4

- Added setup visual studio code action to the `build_and_test` workflow for test `IDEComparator`.

## 0.4.3

- Completed coverage of the project with tests. Now the project has 100% coverage.

## 0.4.2

- Autopublish to `pub.dev` if the version in `pubspec.yaml` has been changed by auto adding a new tag to the repositories.
- Codecov added to `github` actions. Codecov badge, graph was added to `README.md`.
- Added `mdsnippets` to `github` actions. And example snippets added to `README.md`.
- Added `ApprovalTests.Dart.StarterProject`. You can find it in the `README.md` file.

## 0.3.9

- Fix with default file path if package from `pub.dev`.
- Gilded rose moved to starter project.
- Code formatted.

## 0.3.8

- Test publish action with new version: `v0.3.8`.

## 0.3.6-dev

- Updated `pubspec.yaml` file: changed homepage.

## 0.3.5-dev

- The repository has been moved to Approvals.
- Fixed bug with checking of strings received from `txt` file.
- Added `Github` Actions.
- Added `dependabot`.
- Updated `README.md` file.
- Updated `TODO.md` file.


## 0.3.3-dev

- Updated `README.md` file.

## 0.3.2-dev

- Default `lints` replaced by `sizzle_lints`.
- Updated `analysis_options` file.
- Updated `README.md` file.

## 0.3.1-dev

- Updated `README.md` file.

## 0.3.0-dev

- Approval was refactored.
- Added tests.
- Code formatted.
- `deleteReceivedFile` field was added to the `ApprovalTests` class. If it is set to `true`, the received file will be deleted after test. By default, it is set to `false`.
- `logErrors` field was added to the `ApprovalTests` class. If it is set to `true`, the errors will be logged. By default, it is set to `true`.
- `logResults` field was added to the `ApprovalTests` class. If it is set to `true`, the success results will be logged. By default, it is set to `true`.

## 0.2.1-dev

- Fix: `approval_dart` changed to `approval_tests`.
- Code formatted.

## 0.2.0-dev

- I rewrote the main functions of the class. Now you can use several comparison options.
- Added methods for comparing `JSON` strings.
- Added methods for array comparison.
- Improved documentation.
- Added more examples: each method has its own small example.

## 0.1.0-dev

- Added `verifyAll` method to verify array of items *(or use array as inputs)*.
- Added `verifyAllCombinationsAsJson` method to verify all combinations of items as `JSON`.
- Updated `README.md` file.

## 0.0.9-dev

- Updated `README.md` file.

## 0.0.8-dev

- Updated `README.md` file: added examples, more info.

## 0.0.7-dev

- Comparator completed, some refactoring. Updated `README.md` file.

## 0.0.6-dev

- Some updates with `README.md` file.

## 0.0.5-dev

- First working version, need to expand functionality and add more flexibilty. Also need to add more tests.

## 0.0.1-dev

- Initial version.